[Music]
dear Lord let your Holy Angel be with me
the evil foam they have no power
into your hands I commend myself my body
and soul
congratulations on your command will
always be looking for you leaving
even if I'm a thousand miles away Hera's
going to Greyhound you'll now be out a
range of air cover for the next five
days
safe travels to England how many
crossings does this make this is my
first I got some most like they you both
kill distress rockets sir
we directly on the convoy
the Wolfpack timeless
you know daughter Belle
in 48 hours we've lost seven ships
and fifty souls one of you did yesterday
data stood today enough not nearly
enough
[Music]
[Applause]
target's disappeared sir
where they come what are we gonna do
will rain hell down from on high
[Music]